This should be the first time our house is so neat and tidy
All right?
Mom and Dad
Brothers, I'm full
I'll go out first
Fourth brother, borrow your little electric donkey
Little sister is in a hurry
Where are we going?
Didn't you go to the Doctor Group to find me and settle the bill with you?
Hmm what
I just saw him search for the Doctor Group.
Grandpa
I said I'm not interested in Lu Kyung-hwan
You killed me
This marriage must be annulled
Can't mix things up
Hey, deer!
Don't worry, I've taught this brat a lesson
What did you say my granddaughter-in-law is going to get a doctor?
Okay, I'll arrange it.
What are you still doing?
Hurry up and order
Future young lady
To go to the company for inspection
If anyone rips him off
Be careful I peel his skin
OK
Pair 2
Oops, what do you want?
What do you mean that the young lady is coming to the company?
Young grandma
If Mr. and Mrs. Eight
I'm sure a promotion is in sight.
Come on, come on, come downstairs with me, grandma
Eyes are cheap
When you meet the young lady, remember to behave well
Why haven't you come yet?
It's just that I've seen the young lady